hello
name david bowie
12 singles everyone a total failure
except space oddity
the record company finds the album too
weird for the eggs
i need to be known i need them to know
me there's only one guy
at mercury who doesn't hate your new
record with every bone in his body
david bowie i presume ron oberman
mercury records
we got pac couple weeks coming up
chicago philadelphia new york and then
out to la
i think we can make it work all it takes
is one believer to change the world
and we got two two you believe in
yourself don't you
i think you're gonna be the biggest star
in america
this is a queen family rock station so
keep it safe
tell me about the new album what's it
all about it's about the years i spent
dressing in women's clothes and getting
laid
you wonder why it's not working if
anyone dares to ask you about your
actual work
you just do the mystical mind act there
is no authentic me
it's just fear well then
be someone else be
someone else
i don't want to go mad
i want to take my fantasies on stage
with me
act like a star and i think you're a
star
don't stop until you have them on the
floor groveling
you're not spacing you're from bromley
man oh yes i am
rock star or somebody impersonating a
rockstar
what's the difference
[Music]
you